Previously on
"The Vampire Diaries..."
The only thing stronger
than your craving
for blood is your love
for this one girl.
Your humanity is killing you.
Turn it off!
- What did you do?
- I fixed him.
Fight for it. Feel something.
Anything. Stefan.
'Cause if you don't. you're
going to lose me forever.
I've heard about you.
Crazy. impulsive vampire.
In love with
his brother's girl.
As long as Klaus is alive.
I do what he says.
What the hell did you do?
He's earned his freedom.
I had Klaus. This could
have all been over.
We'll survive this.
We're never getting
Stefan back.
Then we'll let him go.
- What now?
- Now. I reunite my family.
You mean. the people you
cart around in caskets.
What's the matter. Klaus
I will kill you and everyone
you've ever met.
Do that. and you will never
see your family again.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Excuse me.
I should have been watching
where I was going.
Don't worry about it.
You have a nice day.
I think I'm going crazy.
I'm totally paranoid
all the time.
You have a right to be.
Klaus is sill out there. and he knows
you tried to kill him.
Why hasn't he made a move?
There's been no sign
of him. nothing.
Just my slow spiral
into insanity.
Join the club.
Every time I close my eyes.
I have that nightmare
on repeat.
- The same dream?
- Yeah.
4 coffins. Klaus is in one of them.
It's weird.
What if it's not
just... Some dream?
What if it's. like. you know.
a witch dream?
It's just stress.
What about Stefan
he betrayed us. Bonnie.
The Stefan
that we know is gone.
How is Damon handling that?
Damon is...
Damon.
Uh. you have your choice...
Bloody Mary. screwdriver.
Brunch in a bottle.
Come on. Ric.
I can't drink
all this by myself.
I mean. I can. but then.
Somebody's getting naked.
Oh. man.
I can't believe you're
making me drink alone.
I'm busy.
It's the eve of Klausageddon.
You're doing homework?
This may come as a shock.
but I am not here
to hang out with you.
I'm here to see Jeremy. who is
an hour late for his shift.
Kids today.
Where are their values?
That's his midterm paper.
Copied it straight
off the internet.
Didn't even try to hide it.
Ooh. Somebody's
getting grounded.
Did you say you were
waiting for Jeremy...
As in Jeremy Gilbert?
Yeah. He was fired last week.
Oops.
Nice shot.
So what's the point
of this. again?
The point is I'm
pissed at Caroline.
and Bonnie dumped your ass.
The point...
Is to get drunk
and shoot stuff.
Profound.
Alaric finds out I took this.
he's going to use it on me.
So. what's the deal with that?
He's. like. your guardian now?
Sort of. yeah.
I think he feels responsible for us.
You like him?
Yeah. Yeah. I like him.
Hey. you want to move
out of the way?
I'm a hybrid. Gilbert.
You can't kill me unless you cut
off my head or rip out my heart.
And you're not going to do it
with that lame-ass crossbow.
Go ahead.
Take a shot.
Unless you don't think
you can hit me.
Jeremy. the minute that
you get this. call me.
You're feisty when you're mad.
It's not that I'm mad.
I'm just... I'm worried.
Why
I think he'll survive. Elena.
He's spiraling.
Ever since Bonnie broke up
with him. he's moody.
He's not really
talking to anyone.
Just a typical teenager.
Who's seeing ghosts and who's lost
everyone that he cares about.
Not everyone. He still has you.
You ok?
What makes you think
I'm not ok?
Well. you're a day drunk.
It's not exactly
your most attractive look.
Oh. What is my most
attractive look?
Uh-uh.
I'm not saying you have
any attractive look.
I'm just...
Saying this is
my least favorite one.
Noted. See if I can
make any improvements.
Don't mind me.
Oh.
You going to do this
in the grill.
in front of everyone?
It's a little beneath
you. don't you think?
I don't know
what you're talking about.
I just came down
to my local pub.
To grab a drink with a mate.
Get a round. then.
would you. Tony?
I'm surprised
you stuck around town.
Long enough for happy hour.
My sister seems to be missing.
Need to sort that out.
Cute. blonde bombshell
shouldn't be too hard to find.
Truth is.
I've grown to rather like
your little town.
Thinking I might fancy
a home here.
I imagine you're wondering
how does this affect you.
And the answer is.
not in the slightest.
As long as I get what I want.
and everyone behaves themselves.
you can go on living your little
lives however you choose.
You have my word.
What more could
you possibly want?
Well. for starters.
you can tell me where
I might find Stefan.
Stefan skipped town the second
he saved your ass.
Well. you see. that is a shame.
Your brother stole from me.
I need him found so I can
take back what's mine.
That sounds like a Klaus
and Stefan problem.
Well. this is me broadening
the scope. sweetheart.
Hello. Bonnie.
Stefan.
- You followed me here?
- Yeah.
It wasn't too hard.
You should probably be
more careful.
What do you want with me?
Relax. I just need your help.
Why would I help you?
Elena said you saved
Klaus's life.
Let me fill you in on a
little secret about Klaus.
He kept his family
with him at all times.
Daggered. stored in coffins.
And now. I have them.
And I need you to help
keep them hidden.
You're out of your mind.
You're just going to make him angrier.
His family is his one weakness.
As long as I have that.
I can ruin him.
I don't have enough power
to hide 4 Originals.
You're a witch. You hate Klaus.
I know you can figure
something out.
You ready?
Vampires. hybrids.
and Originals.
No problem.
My rebellious brother...
I'm worried.
Proof you're still human.
Just in time.
We're cooking.
Sorry.
Just passing through.
Aww. Well. I thought
we'd all stay in.
Have a meal together like
a typical atypical family.
- Why?
- Maybe because you got fired.
And you didn't tell anyone.
Look. can we do this later?
I made plans with Tyler.
He's right outside.
Wait.
When did you start hanging
out with Tyler Rockwell?
I don't know. Does it matter?
Yeah. Jeremy. it matters.
He was sired by Klaus.
He's dangerous.
He can still hear you.
He's right outside.
Besides. you of all people
are going to lecture me.
On who I can and can't
hang out with?
What is with the attitude?
Whatever. This is lame.
Tyler's waiting.
No. Oh. no. no.
You're not going anywhere.
especially not with Tyler.
I'm with her on this. Jer.
Sorry.
All right. Fine.
You want me to stay in?
Let's all stay in. then.
Yo. Tyler. come on in.
Jeremy...
I think it's about time
we had a drink. don't you?
I'd say we're overdue.
Well. you've been so busy. what with
all your plotting and scheming.
You know me... Never miss a chance
to plan an epic failure.
Don't be so hard on yourself.
Who could have guessed your
own brother would betray you?
Well. I did have a front row seat
when your sister lied to you.
Yeah. well.
she's fickle. that one.
And you say you have no
idea of her whereabouts?
That's the thing
with younger siblings.
You just... never
know what they're going to do.
Drink?
Thanks.
This is weird.
Klaus has hybrids stalking me.
and now. you're just sitting
in our kitchen.
Look. maybe I should go.
No. stay. You're not
doing anything.
Unless you have to. you know.
check in with your hybrid master.
It's not like that. Elena.
Tell me. Tyler...
What is the difference.
Between being sired
and being compelled?
Compulsion...
That's just mind control.
like hypnosis.
And being sired is...
It's like faith.
You do something because you
believe it's the right thing.
So. you believe that serving
Klaus is the right thing.
I don't serve him.
Klaus released me from a curse
that was ruining my life.
I owe him for that.
What if he asked you to...
Jump off a bridge?
He wouldn't.
And even if he did.
I'd be fine. I'm a hybrid.
Ok. So what if he asked you
to rip your own heart out?
Again. he wouldn't.
What if he did?
I don't know.
Then I'd rip out my heart.
You guys sound like Caroline.
getting all freaked out over
something you don't understand.
You're right. Tyler.
I don't understand.
Klaus has terrorized
every single one of us.
and you're just
blindly loyal to him.
You're overthinking it.
I can still make
my own decisions.
Cheers. mate.
Down the hatch.
You know. we've actually got
a lot in common. you and I.
- Really?
- Heh.
Well. yeah. Maybe we can...
Bond over our mutual
loathing of my brother.
Why are you so mad at him?
He stole something?
My family. The Originals.
I had them daggered.
boxed up.
awaiting the day
when I saw fit to wake them.
And he went in
and pinched the bloody lot.
Of course he did.
Ah. such a buzz kill.
my baby bro.
Well. I'd love to find him.
Just the trouble is
I sure as hell
don't work for you.
You know. your drink
stinks of vervain.
so I can't compel you.
There'd be no point
in killing you.
because you're actually
the one with the most hope
of getting me what I need.
And yet. it would seem
a demonstration is in order.
Perhaps I wasn't clear enough
when I told you to find Stefan.
Oh. well.
It seems you people respond
best to displays of violence.
Why don't you take this
as an example of my reach?
There he is.
So. that thing
I told you to do.
Why don't you go ahead
and get on with it?
- What was that about?
- It was nothing.
I got to go.
Um. thanks for the food offer.
but next time...
Ahem.
Well. that was illuminating.
So. Tyler Lockwood is.
A lunatic who has
access to our house.
I mean. this whole
sire bond thing is wild.
I don't even think
Tyler's fully aware of.
What little reason lies
behind what he's saying.
It's... it's
his weird cult logic.
Well. great. That's a wonderful
influence for you. Jer.
Jeremy?
That's his ring.
Where'd he go?
Jeremy?
What is he doing?
Oh. my god. Jeremy!
Jeremy! Jeremy. move!
There I go again.
bumping into people.
That's Klaus' hybrid.
He's going to be all right.
Are you ok?
I don't understand.
Who was that on
the phone earlier?
It was Klaus.
You were compelled. Jeremy.
We've got to get him inside.
Help me.
Compel the men
to open up this wall.
We need sun.
I want a fortress.
not a dungeon.
There he is. Man of the hour.
So everything went ok?
Tony ran down Alaric instead
of Jeremy. but apples. oranges.
Message learns the same.
You said you were sending
them a warning.
And I did... an effective one.
Elena's family suffers.
she's motivated
to get me what I want.
I didn't think that we'd actually
have to kill anyone.
Tyler. mate.
What you're feeling is the remnant
of a guilty conscience.
I need you to get over it. ok?
End of the day.
human life here is
just a means to an end...
Our means to our end.
You'd do well to remember that.
How is he?
He's dead.
but he had his ring.
Klaus' hybrid hit him.
Now we just wait.
Jeremy. why aren't you wearing vervain
I don't know.
It was Tyler.
It had to have been.
That's why he was
hanging out with you.
to get you off the vervain.
Klaus is trying to
send us a message.
He wants us to find Stefan.
who stole his coffins of all
his dead family members.
- Coffins?
- Yep.
So all we have to do is
find 4 coffins.
and voila.
no one else on your family's
christmas list has to die.
Wait. that's your big plan.
to steal back 4 dead Originals.
So this evil hybrid
doesn't kill me.
And everyone else we know?
- You got a better idea?
- Yeah.
Let's get the hell out of here.
Pack our bags and go.
Hey. Jeremy. calm down.
No. No. I'm not going
to calm down. Elena.
This happens every time
no matter what we do...
You get on my case about school and work.
Who cares.
None of us are going to make it
out of this town alive.
He said he wants
his family back.
No. No. I know what you're thinking.
The answer's no.
If we give him Rebekah...
Yeah. then Klaus
un-daggers her.
First thing she does
is kill you.
Frying pan. fire.
Not an option.
Klaus's coffins.
How many did you say
there were?
Elena? Hey.
Klaus is looking for 4 coffins.
just like in your dream.
I think it's not just stress.
Elena. don't get involved.
Whatever Klaus wants.
stay as far away from it as you can.
Klaus won't let me. Bonnie...
He tried to kill Jeremy.
What do you want me to do?
We need to find Stefan.
Look. I know that
you don't think.
That your locater spell
still works.
but we have to at least try.
We don't need a locater spell.
Bonnie said this place
lost all its mojo.
The dead witches were angry at her
for bringing Jeremy back to life.
I guess now they have something
they want her to know.
That's why I hate witches.
So fickle.
passive-aggressive.
Stefan?
Come on. Stef.
Olly olly oxen free.
Really.
What?
The witchy spirits
aren't a big fan.
and they used their juju
to screw with my daylight ring.
- Then wait outside.
- Elena...
I'm not leaving until
I know if he's here.
Stefan?
Go away.
You shouldn't be here. Elena.
Stefan. I need your help.
Bonnie said that
you would be here.
Well. Bonnie sucks
at keeping secrets.
Listen. you need to give
Klaus his family back.
Oh. really
Klaus compelled Jeremy to stand
in front of a speeding car.
Don't you get it?
Stefan. he's not going to stop
until he gets what he wants...
Elena. stop talking.
I'm not giving Klaus anything.
Are you listening to me?
He's going to kill Jeremy.
Not really my problem.
You can go to hell.
That didn't go over well.
Don't even start. Damon.
Let me talk to him.
You can't get in.
The witches won't let you.
Here.
Take my car keys.
You go deal with your brother.
I'll deal with mine.
Wow.
That was impressive.
But the coffins aren't here.
so you can go away now.
I don't care about the coffins.
We need to talk.
Ohh! Ow!
Ok.
Let's talk.
Nothing's ever easy
with you. is it?
That is for screwing up
my plan.
- Ugh!
- You stopped me from killing Klaus.
and you steal his family.
Why?
It doesn't make sense.
Answer me!
Piece by piece.
Klaus took everything from me.
I'm doing the same to him.
But I had him. Stefan!
Aah!
- Why'd you screw it up?
- I did it to save you!
What?
No. No way.
You didn't do this for me.
He was one step ahead of us.
If Klaus died. his hybrids
would have killed you.
When are you going to get
it through your head?
Ohh!
Stop saving me.
Don't do it. Jeremy.
Why not?
You stab my back. I stab yours.
I didn't stab you in the back.
Is that why you wanted
to hang out.
to get me off the vervain?
Klaus asked me to.
I never thought he would try to kill you.
It's Klaus. Tyler.
What did you think was going to happen?
He doesn't care about you.
All he wants is to get
his family back.
What the hell!
Whenever Klaus wants something.
someone ends up dead.
You think about that next time before
you blindly do whatever he says.
Jer. you should get home.
Stay inside.
Klaus isn't going to stop until
he gets all those coffins back.
He's not done with you.
Ric. Hey.
When did you return to the living?
Oh. just a few minutes ago.
How's Jeremy?
Hating me.
Hating life.
Hating the life that.
We can't even have
a family dinner.
Without somebody dying
before dessert. Are you ok?
Oh. my god. Ugh.
Something's wrong. The ring.
Ohh. Ric. Hey.
What happened?
He got hit by a car.
and he's coughing up blood.
Get his vitals.
Pulse thready and weak.
Looks like internal bleeding.
We got to get him out of here.
Let's move.
Let's not and say we did.
Why don't you two meet us
at the hospital?
What?
No. No. no. no. Wait.
No. wait. You have to help him.
What are you doing?
You can still save
his life. Elena.
Here. Take my blood.
But...
I can't get in.
You're going to have
to invite me.
No. Why are you doing this?
Klaus asked for his family.
You didn't deliver.
Ric!
Oh. my god. Ric.
I'm right here.
Hey. Hey. look.
I would invite me in. Elena.
Jeremy. He's not dead yet.
Where are you going?
What are you doing?
Now he's dead.
We've got to get Alaric
to the hospital. now.
You know what
I can't figure out?
Why save me?
Was it brotherly love.
guilty conscience.
Is the switch on.
is the switch off?
Do you have somewhere
you need to be. Damon?
Ah. deflection.
That's not going to work on me.
I invented that.
We're done.
Can't you just go away?
Not until you tell me
why you saved me.
You owe me that.
I don't owe you anything.
Fine.
Next question.
why did you steal the coffins?
Because Klaus's family is one
weakness I can use against him.
Use against him to do what?
You're not going to kill him.
You know how I know this?
'Cause there was only
one way to kill him.
and you blew that to save me.
You're wrong. Damon.
Klaus doesn't get
to just live forever.
There's another way.
There has to be.
Fair enough.
Whatever you're doing.
I want in.
I don't need your help.
Really?
Last time I checked.
you were hiding out
in a haunted house.
I'm in this alone. Damon.
You go after Klaus. you're going
to have to be cutthroat and devious.
I'm so much better
at that than you.
Come on. brother.
What do you say?
If you're going to
keep saving my life.
at least make it
for a good reason.
You want in. huh?
Ok. But it's just me and you.
- Elena stays out of it.
- Deal.
Follow me.
Wait. I'm not so...
Welcome in there.
Don't you worry. Damon.
We all want the same thing.
Have a look.
What?
Klaus is allergic to dust?
Mmm. Look again.
Witch spirits hate Klaus
as much as we do.
They're using their powers
to hide the coffins.
So if he comes in the house...
He won't be able to find them.
Mr. Saltzman. What are you doing up?
You should be resting.
Uh. I'm more of a
walk-it-off kind of guy.
Ahem. Do I need
to sign something?
Internal hemorrhaging. 3 broken
ribs. and a severe concussion.
I have no idea how you're
on your feet right now.
but I need to run
some more tests.
Actually. I have someplace
I need to be.
But thank you. Doctor...
Fell.
But the patience who follow my
advice get to call me Meredith.
Well. I appreciate your help.
Dr. Fell.
Mr. Saltzman...
What is your secret?
Guardian angel. or did you sell
your soul to the devil?
Little of both.
Thank you for coming.
I trust you have news
of Stefan.
I couldn't find him.
But I have something else.
My poor sister.
I can't turn my back
on her for a moment.
You have Rebekah.
A deal is a deal.
The life of my sister
in exchange for your brother?
Yeah. I'd say that's a bargain.
Consider him spared.
You should know.
I was the one
that daggered her.
When she wakes.
she'll come after me.
I can control Rebekah.
Besides. I still need
your help finding Stefan.
I told you.
I don't know where he is.
You're lying.
Fortunately.
you have no shortage
of loved ones.
If I don't find my family.
the question you should
be asking yourself is.
who's going to die next?
Bonnie? Caroline?
Damon?
It's only a matter of time before
Stefan gives me what I want.
He doesn't care
about me any more.
You made sure of that.
You turned him into a monster.
Now he's your problem.
And just so you know.
I'm not the only one
Rebekah wants dead.
She knows what you did
to your mother.
She knows that you killed her.
You can let yourself out.
So the ring brought you
back to life.
but it didn't heal you.
Does that mean it's broken?
I don't know.
It's never happened
like that before.
I guess I have
Damon's blood to thank.
For the fact that
I'm still walking.
He said to say
you owe him a drink.
That's funny.
I'd rather have head trauma.
Hey. Jeremy...
You ok?
Why wouldn't I be?
I shot a hybrid in the back
and chopped his head off
with a meat cleaver.
What.
You can talk to me about this stuff.
You know that. right?
What could you tell me
that I don't already know?
This is the way things are.
It sucks. but I just got
to get used to it.
Did you get rid of him?
Yeah.
Tony the headless hybrid's.
Now at the bottom
of Steven's quarry.
What about Alaric?
Took care of him. too.
He'll be fine.
How are you?
I think I got most of the
blood off the porch.
Elena.
Look at me.
It's going to be ok.
I have to tell you something.
I made a deal with Klaus.
I gave him Rebekah.
What?
No. no. No.
You did not do that.
She's going to come here
and try and kill you.
No. she won't.
Klaus won't let her because he needs me.
And suddenly. you trust him?
No. I don't trust him.
But what other choice
do I have?
I don't trust Stefan.
Do you think he's just going
to give up the coffins?
My brother's...
Sort of running
his own show right now.
Yeah. My brother just
chopped off someone's head.
It's not right.
It's not fair.
He's 16 years old.
He shouldn't have
to live like this.
Elena...
There has to be another way.
I have to fix it.
We will.
Hey.
Ok?
Here we are. Rebekah.
Home. sweet home.
Only took 1.000 years.
And to think.
I was counting on you
being here with me.
But that's all ruined now.
isn't it?
I'm so sorry.
Sister.
We'll meet again one day.
Hey. Can we talk?
What did I do now?
I've been thinking
about what you said earlier.
about how we should
pack up and go.
Elena. I didn't mean
any of that.
But you were right.
You shouldn't have
to give up a normal life.
Just because of me.
What's going on?
Your sister thinks we should
have another one of our talks.
Here's the thing. Jeremy.
You're going to go out of
town for a little while.
A long while.
You're going to stay with some
nice family friends in Denver.
You're going to be in a new
school and meet new girls...
Living girls.
You're going to drink a few beers.
take an art class.
You can do whatever you want.
Tell him he's going to
leave mystic falls behind
and never think twice about it.
You're going to leave
mystic falls behind
and never think twice about it.
You're going to have
a better life. Jeremy.
This is the one I dreamed of.
Don't bother. It won't open.
What do you mean.
is it locked?
Nope. It just won't open.
I've tried everything...
Blow torch. ax. crowbar.
I can't even scratch
the finish.
That means it's closed
with a spell.
You mean whatever's in there
should probably stay in there.
You said you wanted
to make him suffer.
The witches led me here
for a reason.
I think whatever's inside
this coffin is our answer.
I feel like
a horrible person.
You just saved his life. Elena.
Take it from me...
Estranged is bad.
Dead is worse.
Just can't stop thinking
about what happened.
The last time I asked
you to compel him.
He found out.
and he got over it.
Again. not dead. Elena.
He's so lucky to have
you for a sister.
Thank you.
No problem.
Not just for this. Damon.
For everything.
I don't know what I would
do if you weren't here.
You should know this. Elena.
Stefan didn't screw us over.
He screwed us over.
but he had a good reason.
What?
He saved Klaus to save me.
Then he stole
the coffins to get even.
Damon. if he did it
to protect you. then...
Why would he even do that?
I mean...
Oh. what does it even mean?
What does it mean?
It means I'm an idiot.
'Cause I thought for one second
that I wouldn't have to
feel guilty any more.
What are you talking about.
guilty for what?
For wanting what I want.
Damon...
No. I know.
Believe me. I get it.
My brother's girl and all.
No. No. You know what?
If I'm going to feel
guilty about something.
I'm going to feel guilty
about this.
Good night.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org